<div align="center"><h2> Hi there 👋 I'm glad you're here :)</h2></div>

[https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HenryMahnke/HenryMahnke/main/CDPRTraceUMN3.mov](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c76b7e72-457e-4ab4-9216-ce0a7af705a4)

Welcome to my github! Here is a cool video of the robot that I worked on over the summer, showing some UMN pride! I work on a lot of projects, but am super involved with research, which is primarily closed source(not for long though!) The other main projects I'm working on is dabbling around in mojo, trying to replicate some common robotics software patterns and algorithms in it because I am waiting for the day when I don't need to write any more C++ (and anymore Python...). I am also working on a beautified major planner application. At the University of Minnesota, figuring out the classes you are going to take to graduate is such a pain. You get a single PDF of what the plan is, but it's overly rigid, overly abstract, and there is no online interface for combining and mixing and matching majors and minors, creating multiple plans, planning out what classes you want to take to minimize graduation time, fulfill all of you general education requirements, and take classes that you actually enjoy. This project seeks to change that. It uses a fast API backend written in python, with a front end in React with NextJs. It would have been my preference to use Svelte, but I am not a fan of their new runes syntax with Svelte 5. While it is very similar to React now, anecdotally it seems then I should just use React, as it is more developed, so it's an interesting project to learn React with, and has been interesting so far! In terms of the optimization, the plan is to use Mixed Integer Linear Programming for the optimization. While it's still being prototyped, it seems mostly promising, but interested to see the compute time once it expands to the full course catalog avaliable to take at the University of Minnesota. 
